# scyros-scripts
This repository contains code, statistics and keywords that I used for my bachelor thesis. This 
is intended to be used together with the framework [Scyros](https://github.com/fxpl/scyros). 

## What is in this repository?
In this repository you will find the scripts that I have written to gather statistics from the `.csv` files generated by the Scyros framework in the `scripts/` directory.  

In the `keywords/` directory you will find the keywords that I used together with Scyros to generate the `.csv` files.

Finally, in the `result/` directory I have all the generated `.csv` files along with the sample `large_sample.csv`. **NOTE:** I only used 1138 out of the 4000 projects in the sample file due to me not having enough storage.  

## How to use this code
To get all the statistics you need first need to clone the [Scyros](https://github.com/fxpl/scyros) repository and then move all the contents of this repository to the root of the Scyros repo. Then you need to input the following into the terminal when in the topmost directory of the Scyros repository:
```
python3 python_stats.py 
```
This will generate figures in their own directory. Running this may also create a subdirectory in `result/` due to the fact there is one or multiple keywords that show up less than the threshold defined in `scripts/StatisticsExtractor.py`. 


## Feedback
If you find any room for improvements or clarifications in this README then simply create an issue. Any feedback is helpful since it benefits everyone 